DSRT1-01 The body

Steve Ritter was only 25, but already counting the days until his retirement. Only 19 years to go if he sticks it out this long. Too bad his abbreviated career with another police agency didn't count.

Exiled in the past year to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office, usually working the area south of Bullhead City, his beat consisted of miles of scrub, an old gold-mining ghost town and those odd square miles that were not part of the Fort Mohave Indian Reservation. Hardly anybody lived out there, so he spent most of his time driving in the heat and working occasional traffic pileups on Highway 95. Exile.

Another quiet day, and the only exciting thing happening was the temperature. At 9 a.m. it already was past 90 with a predicted high of 125 and zero humidity. Even with his air conditioner running full blast, sweat dribbled from his blond flat-top haircut.

He had it made a year ago. Working for the Bullhead City Police Department, where people actually lived. All 30,000 of them, though the population would double when the snowbirds came in. They'd bring their RVs in town after summer was over, clog up the roads and Wal-Mart checkout lines, drive across the Colorado River to gamble at the dozen casions, and spend the next few months being crime victims. At least there was action, crucial for someone who basically leaked adrenalin like Ritter.

Oatman was part of his beat, but most deputies didn't bother to spend much time there. The town was home to 150 (counting dogs), and many were miners who didn't have much use for law enforcement. While on Route 66, the road from Kingman was too treacherous for most cars. That road passed over a mountain and through deserted hamlets such as Gold Road and Sitgreaves Pass, and if your car broke down on that stretch it was going to be a long day. Nearly everyone took the two-lane Boundary Cone Road, coming in from the south and the town of Riverbend. Usually the Mohave County Sheriff's Office sent an officer through Oatman once a day if there was enough time and gas to do so. If it wasn't a tourist draw on weekends Ritter wouldn't waste time or mileage going up there.

His beat also included Riverbend, a relatively new town in Mohave County. Another place that had no real reason to exist thought it sat directly across the Colorado river and the Nevada town of Sagebrush with its lone casino. Riverbend and Sagebrush came long after the real casino boom transformed Mohave County from a spot in the middle of the desert to a populated spot in the middle of the desert.

Ritter keyed his radio microphone. "I'm at Boundary Cone Road at Highway 95. Want me to go up?"

"Might as well."

"Going up." He made his turn and headed straight for the triangular mountain to the east. Oatman had good crowds during the weekend, with people wanting to see a genuine ghost town. But the mystique ended on Sundays. All weekend the town's three bars did breakout business and a troupe of locals staged Old West gunfights in the streets, but only the locals stayed around during the week.  This Tuesday the trip up the hill was to be as unexciting as any other.

Ritter thought he saw something a mile and a half up the road. A bit of blue, definitely out of place. A rolled-up tarp, it looked like.

He shook his head. People were always dumping their junk out here. 

He parked along the road and got out of the car. This wasn't a high-risk situation, he thought. Just some trash thrown out in the desert. He patted himself down to make sure he had his gun and handheld radio before plodding across the sand.

Desert brush hid most of the tarp from the road, but now Ritter could see all of it, including the pair of feet sticking out one end.

Great, he thought. Another homeless guy. But they usually hung out closer to the river. And they're usually not wearing slacks and nearly-new running shoes either.
He tapped the sole of the guy's foot with his baton and didn't get any response. Another, more insistent attempt to rouse him, still nothing. 

Heart pounding in his ears now, Ritter stepped to the other end of the tarp and lifted a corner with his stick. Then staggered a few feet away as his breakfast worked itself up and out.

As soon as his stomach stopped quaking he got on the handheld and called for backup.

He looked again at the rolled-up tarp, now covered with black-and-blue-bodied flies. He hoped he wouldn't have to look at what lay underneath again. Once was enough. 
