DSRT1-04 Smoke break

Martino sat behind his terminal, chatting up the rest of the news crew when Walker returned. "Hear tell you had some fun," he said when Walker slid into the seat opposite him.

"Was OK. A little messy."

"What was it?" Arden asked.

"Cops are saying a suicide."

"Really."

"Yeah. Only I think they're yanking my chain."

"How do you figure that?"

"Well ... just a guess," Walker admitted. "Greg, you're military, right?"

"Four years in the Corps."

"So you know weapons."

"Yeah."

"Well, let me ask you this. Guy used a shotgun, and it would have to have been point blank. Just about tore his head off, cops said. Does that make any sense to you?"

"Did you see the body?"

"No, I'm taking the chief at his word here."

"Always a mistake," Arden cut in with a smile.

"You got that right. But does it?"

"Not really," Martino said. "The shot hadn't had enough room to expand. But catch him a couple of feet out, it's a whole different story. Goodbye head. Why?"

"And to do that he'd have to pull the trigger with his toe. Especially 'cause he's a short guy. About five-six, the cops said."

"Okay."

"But he was wearing his shoes. I asked Holmes about that."

"Couldn't have pulled the trigger with his toe then," Martino said. 

"Also consider this," Richard said. "If he can put his shoe back on after blowing his head off, we need to be writing for the Weekly World News."

"H'mmm," Arden said, rubbing his goatee.

"There's something else," Walker said. "Let's go smoke and I'll tell you about it."

Arden already had his pack in his hand. "I've been needing one."

* * *

The four stood outside in the parking lot. Richard held his brass Zippo out for Vernon and Fred. Greg, the only nonsmoker, sipped from his tall coffee cup.

"So what's this other development?" Arden asked after a couple of puffs on his long brown cigarette.

"I still say that cigarette you're smoking looks like a mouse tail," Walker said. "But Holmes is now saying I can only talk to him or Sgt. Lewis."

"I'll bite. Who's Sgt. Lewis?"

"Durned if I know. Never seen him on the job before. But I'm guessing he's doing public information."

"Is he a real cop?"

"Who knows?"

"County council hired a Sgt. Lewis a couple of weeks ago," Lawrence said. "Didn't think much of it at the time; they're always hiring cops."

"Did you meet him?" Arden asked.

"No. Lewis wasn't at the meeting. I think it's Pat Lewis. From Palm Springs, I remember that."

"My old stamping grounds," Arden said. "So when did you find out about this new policy?"

"On the scene. Today. I tried to talk to the homicide detective, and Holmes wouldn't let me."

"Really." This wasn't a question and Walker knew it.

"Really is right. He was pretty adamant about it."

"I think I'll need to talk to the sheriff about this myself," Arden said. "I feel a column coming on."

"Oh please please don't do it," Martino said. "Every time you write one of those columns we get in a lot of trouble."

"Not often enough. I don't want you to think the old man has lost his touch, now."

"The more I think about it, the more I know the sheriff knows a whole lot more than he's telling," Walker said.

"Of course," Arden said, lighting another mouse tail from the smoldering butt of the last one. "You've been in the business almost as long as I have. You shouldn't be surprised about this."

"He says there's no ID on the victim."

"That's possible."

"I think he's a casino worker. Black slacks, sneakers. If he's a casino worker, especially if he's in uniform, you know he's gonna have his Sheriff's card on him. Can't even clock in without it."

"True."

"And why would he be out gallivanting along Boundary Cone anyway?" Lawrence asked. "Especially on foot. Shoot, there's nothing out there. Not yet, anyway."

"Boys, I don't know," Arden said. "This whole thing's got more mysteries than answers."

"Don't I know it?" Walker grumbled. "I hate mysteries."



