DSRT1-05 Hard charger

Fred wasn't really sure about Richard Lawrence. The 33-year-old was a first-rate reporter, but he didn't get there by being quiet or polite. He proved that to his new coworkers while still in New Mexico.

A day or so away from Arizona Richard called the office and introduced himself around. Fred remembered him asking a few questions about the area.

"Anything I should watch out for?" he remembered Richard asking.

"The heat. The fishing. Definitely watch out for the casinos."

"This guy Grady. The casino owner. Tell me what he's like."

"Doing your homework, huh?"

"I always like to know the players. Especially the connections. Makes my job easier."

"Haven't had to deal with him much," Fred told him. "I cover cops and courts, and he's stayed out of jail so far."

"Just wondering. Wanted to get some background in before I get there. Is Vernon around?"

Complete hard charger, Fred thought as he passed the phone to the managing editor. Ambitious. Wants that story. In other words, a great reporter but a lousy coworker.

So far, though, Richard proved some of his perceptions wrong. Every bit as good as Vernon said, but a good guy to have around the newsroom. If he was an all-star he didn't act like it.

Less than a week after arriving in town he had a piece comparing city attorney pay. He thought Ted Samuels, the man covering Riverbend's legal needs, was making an inconscionable amount of money for someone in charge of a town that size.

"Mr. Samuels," Richard said respectfully over the phone without bothering to hide his Tennessee accent. "This place ain't very big anyway. What, about 12,000 counting dogs?"

The final story showed that Riverbend paid twice what most other towns of that size paid for legal services. Town officials defended their choice by saying they got a top-notch lawyer with the track record to prove it. Richard included a time line of Samuels' greatest hits to back this claim up.

"We report," Richard said as he sent the final version to Vernon. "Y'all decide."

But it was Richard's reporting style that caught Fred's attention. Ultra-aggressive and pushy, willing to ask the tough questions, but all this was wrapped up in that endearing mountain-boy persona.

That first story ran, and Richard won Samuels' grudging admiration even though he cuffed him around in the story. That's how my boy rolls, Fred thought.

Richard was Vernon's last piece in his effort to build a veteran news crew. Publisher Hal Burchfield heard about the old editor, then toiling away with a weekly in Sun City, California. That was the latest step for the leathery, perpetually-wandering 64-year-old. Vernon brought formidable credentials to Burchfield's paper, plus enough connections to build his staff.

Vernon Arden lured his second-in-command Greg Martino into joining him on his Arizona adventure, and installed him as his field general.

Vernon heard about Fred, who was in Fontana, California trying to rebuild his in-the-toilet career after that meltdown with the L.A. Times. A guy who could make news copy sing like that deserved to be back in the forefront, he thought. Who cared how much he drank as long as he answered the bell every deadline?

While Greg and Fred were in front of his nose, Vernon Arden had to shake the bushes to find his third man.

Fred didn't remember how it happened because it got a little complicated, but Vernon talked with one of his form
