DSRT1-02 The newsroom

"You sure you're OK?"

"I'm always OK." Alfredo Walker was tired of always being asked that question. It didn't help that his boss, managing editor Vern Arden, was the one asking.

"So long as you're sure," Arden said, taking another look at the red webbing in Walker's eyes.

Walker, called Fred by everyone except whatever family was still alive in New Mexico, was used to this. It had been this way since his hitch with the L.A. Times, which ended in flames a decade ago. Ever since he rear-ended a police car while on assignmment. A field sobriety test showed him driving with a blood alcohol reading of close to .20, enough for him to lose his license and his job. The Times management knew they were firing a brilliant writer, but he just wasn't worth the risk. Not after several warnings and a compay-ordered stint in rehab anyway. Even though he did land on his feet, hooking on with a struggling who-knows-why-it's-there daily in the Inland Empire was still a comedown from The Times.

Now he was in some wasteland in northern Arizona, far away from the temptations of Southern California. Arden, newly hired to head the Fort Mohave Call newsroom, heard he was available and decided the savvy Walker still had the stuff to be a crime reporter with a change of scenery. So far he hadn't disappointed, but Arden still kept tabs on him. Guess I'm always going to have to deal with that, Walker thought.

"Anything exciting?" Walker asked, nodding toward the police scanner that kept at a low drone on his desk.

"Nothing," Arden said. "Air's been quiet all morning."

Three reporters crowded around four desks in the newsroom that was about the size of a kid's bedroom, with Walker sitting at the desk opposite Arden. Across the mini-aisle, Richard Lawrence was multitasking; hammering away on his computer keyboard while on the phone with a City Hall source. Lawrence, in his early 30s, was the youngest of the four-man news crew by at least two decades, but his work earned him the right to hang with this bunch of graybeards.

This crew, including fourth man Greg Martino, had more than 100 years of newspaper experience and two semesters of journalism school between them. Lawrence was the one with the education, but he dropped out of college after a year and started writing for a chain of weeklies in Tennessee and Virginia. Arden heard about Lawrence, who was then covering the City Hall and political beat for a daily in Johnson City, and hired him sight unseen. Lawrence piled all his belongings in his 20-year-old Ford Galaxie after closing out his Tennessee job on a Friday, made the week-long drive to Fort Mohave, checked into a rent-by-the-week hotel in nearby Bullhead City, and submitted his first story for Monday's edition.

Lawrence had finished his phone call and helped himself to some coffee, emptying the glass decanter. "Hey, if I burn another pot of coffee, will y'all help me drink it?" he asked.

"Stupid question," Arden said. "Of course. And make sure I can't read through it."

"Always," Lawerence said, busying himself around the coffee maker again. "Where's Greg? Making his rounds?"

"Yeah, he should be in later."

Walker held up a hand and huddled closer to his scanner. "Man," he said, "I sure don't want that at this hour."

"What?" Arden wanted to know.

"Dead body."

"Where?"

"Out in the desert."

"It's all desert. Find out where."

Walker listened some more, writing in his reporter's notebook. "Off Boundary Cone," he finally said.

"So what happened?"

"They're saying it's just somebody wandering around."
"What?" Arden asked. "Natural causes?"

"Nobody's saying, but they called for all available units. Detective Haig, too."

"Help me out here. Haig is ..."

"Homicide detective. I think the sheriff will be there too. I'd better head on over." Walker drained his coffee cup, slung his camera bag over his shoulder, clipped his cell phone and police scanner to his belt, and skittered out of the newsroom.

A minute later, the reporters heard Walker's engine race as he peeled out of the parking lot. Arden shot a look at Lawrence.

"He always drives that way," the young reporter said without looking up from his terminal.

"He'd better not tail-end another cop car, or I'll never hear the end of it," Arden said.

"Huh?" Lawrence finally looked up. "There's got to be a story with that."

"Never mind. What are you working on?"

