DSRT1-03 Roadblock

Walker, doing 65 on Boundary Cone, slowed down when he saw the cop cars. He counted a half dozen of them, plus an unmarked maroon Crown Vic. That, he remembered, was Haig's car. He pulled up behind the unmarked car, a safe distance away.

"What do we have?" he asked, taking a few pictures of the scene.

"Hey, Fred," Sheriff Ben Holmes greeted him. "Slow news day?"

"Howdy, sheriff. It was until you guys livened it up."

"Didn't mean to."

"What do you have, a dead guy?"

"Looks that way."

"Thought so, since you and Detective Haig are both here."

Haig, a stocky balding detective with his belly protruding over his slacks and silver belt buckle, looked up when he heard his name. Walker took a few steps toward him.

"Talk to me," Walker said.

"You know better than that," Holmes said. "You either talk to me or Sgt. Lewis."

Yeah, right, Walker thought. After the brass spins the story. "When did you start doing that?"

"Been doing it."

"Yeah, when I get my reports at the station. I always talk to the detectives when I'm on the scene."

"Me or Sgt. Lewis. You know the deal."

"Right. OK sheriff, what do we have?"

"Looks like a single shotgun round to the face. 'Bout tore his head off. Weapon found next to the body."

Walker looked up, saw one of the deputies handling the shotgun with gloved hands.

"Whoa. A suicide or a homicide?"

"Suicide, most likely," Holmes said.

"I didn't know Haig did suicides."

"We're looking at several angles. Not ruling anything out, but at the end of the day it'll probably go down as a suicide."

End of the day, my butt, Walker wanted to say. End of the day this. "Gotcha. Cover all your bases. Who was he?"

"That we don't know. Victim didn't have any ID."

"And I'm assuming you can't tell by looking, either."

"Right. Face pretty much gone, can't tell by dental work. Have to hope we have fingerprints on file. Probably need to go to Las Vegas Metro for that."
"Why there?"

"They're more likely to have them. Total shot in the dark, but everybody around here works across the river. If he does they'll have his prints."
Across the river, Walker knew, meant a casino employee. "You're right. Hadn't thought of that. So what do you do now?"

"Try to ID him, for starters. Go over the physical evidence."

"You already took the victim out of here, I'm assuming?"

"You assume correctly. Coroner already picked him up."

"I'll at least need to string together a physical description of the guy for my story," Walker said. "Besides the messed-up face, that is."

"OK," Holmes consulted his notes. "White male, about 5-6, I'm guessing 150 pounds, medium complexion, brown hair, I'll say mid-30s. Can't help you on the eye color."

"Works for me, so far. What was he wearing?"

"Black slacks. Blue T-shirt. Blue windbreaker. Black running shoes, Nikes I think."

"Black slacks?" Walker said. "Can't think of anyone who'd wear those out in public except a casino employee."

Holmes looked at Walker for a few seconds before nodding. "Good call."
"You sure I can't talk to Haig?"

"What for? We gave you everything we have."

Yeah, buddy, Walker thought. And I have some oceanfront property in Mohave County to sell you. "So that's it, so far? Maybe suicide, not ruling out homicide, shotgun, black slacks, running shoes."

"That's it."

"He was wearing the shoes?"

"Of course."

"Both of them?"

"Duh, yeah."

Well, scratch the suicide angle, Walker thought.

